CRTX-151833-Proofpoint-Pps (#38747)
demisto/content: Packs/ProofpointServerProtection/README.md

## Proofpoint Protection Server (PPS)

> This pack provides an XSOAR integration for Proofpoint Protection Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pack provides a Cortex XSOAR integration for Proofpoint Protection Server.
```

> Additionally, it supports Syslog-based log ingestion from Proofpoint Protection Server and includes parsing and modeling rules (XDM mapping) for XSIAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it supports Syslog-based log ingestion from Proofpoint Protection Server and includes parsing and modeling rules (XDM mapping) for Cortex XSIAM.
```

## Configuration on Proofpoint Server Side
1. Log in to the Proofpoint Protection Server interface.

> 2. Click on **Logs and Reports**.
> 3. Click on **Log Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Logs and Reports**.
3. Click **Log Settings**.
```

> 4. Under the **Remote Log Options** panel you will find the relevant Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under the Remote Log Options panel locate your relevant configuration.
```

> 5. From **Syslog Protocol** Select **TCP** or **UDP**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. From Syslog Protocol select **TCP** or **UDP**. 
```

> 5. Type the IP address or Hostname of your Broker VM in **Syslog Host**.
> 6. Type 514 or any other preferred port In **Syslog Port**.
> 7. Enable the **Syslog Filter Enable** by clicking **On**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In Syslog Host, type the IP address or Hostname of your Broker VM.
6. In Syslog Port, type 514 or any other preferred port.
7. Enable the Syslog Filter Enable by clicking **On**.
```

> 8. In the **Facility** list select the **local1** value.
> 9. In the **Level** list select the **Information** value.
> 10. Enable the **Syslog MTA Enable** by clicking **On**.
> 11. In the **Facility** list select the **mail** value.
> 12. In the **Level** list select the **Information** value.
> 13. Click the **Save Changes** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the Facility list select the **local1** value.
9. In the Level list select the **Information** value.
10. Enable Syslog MTA Enable by clicking **On**.
11. In the Facility list select the **mail** value.
12. In the Level list select the **Information** value.
13. Click **Save Changes**.
```

> Link to Proofpoint Protection Server Syslog forwarding docs [here](https://proofpoint.my.site.com/community/s/login/?ec=302&startURL=%2Fcommunity%2Fs%2Farticle%2FRemote-Syslog-Forwarding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To review the Proofpoint Protection Server Syslog forwarding docs, click [here](https://proofpoint.my.site.com/community/s/login/?ec=302&startURL=%2Fcommunity%2Fs%2Farticle%2FRemote-Syslog-Forwarding).
```

## Collect Events from Proofpoint Protection Server
In order to use the collector, use the [Broker VM](#broker-vm) option.

### Broker VM

> To create or configure the Broker VM, use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XDR/Cortex-XDR-Pro-Administrator-Guide/Configure-the-Broker-VM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create or configure the Broker VM, use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XDR/Cortex-XDR-Documentation/Set-up-and-configure-Broker-VM).
```
